[styles] Generate global class names (#15140)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/css-in-js/api/api.md

#### Arguments

1. `options` (*Object* [optional]):

>   - `options.disableGlobal` (*Boolan* [optional]): Default to `false`. Disable the generation of deterministic class names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `options.disableGlobal` (*Boolan* [optional]): Defaults to `false`. Disable the generation of deterministic class names.
```

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| children&nbsp;* | node | | Your component tree. |

> | disableGeneration | bool | false | You can disable the generation of the styles with this option. It can be useful when traversing the React tree outside of the HTML rendering step on the server. Let's say you are using react-apollo to extract all the queries made by the interface server-side. You can significantly speed up the traversal with this property. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| disableGeneration | bool | false | You can disable the generation of the styles with this option. It can be useful when traversing the React tree outside of the HTML rendering step on the server. Let's say you are using react-apollo to extract all the queries made by the interface server-side - you can significantly speed up the traversal with this property. |
```

How about connecting connected clauses occasionally. 😜

| generateClassName | func | | JSS's class name generator. |

> | injectFirst | bool | false | By default, the styles are injected last in the <head> element of your page. They gain more specificity than any other style sheet on your page e.g. CSS modules, styled components. If you want to override the Material-UI's styles, set this prop. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| injectFirst | bool | false | By default, the styles are injected last in the <head> element of your page. They gain more specificity than any other style sheet on your page, such as CSS, CSS modules, styled components etc. If you want to override Material-UI's styles, set this prop. |
```
